I fought with you.
Protect text
No one can break my Jingdao
Hahaha, you all have to die.
Please let me go
Husband is the god of war
What if you dare to do anything to me?
He won't let you go.
I killed the god of war
You fart
No one in this world can defeat the god of war
You can't beat him, can you?
Not yet, you coward!
The protection of the emperor belongs to me
heart not
It belongs to me.
You fart you get nothing
William, you really don't have a knife.
Still alive
Didn't you think of it?
Hahahaha
Not only did your Xishan map not kill me
I was lucky
The power of Dafa has increased ten times
This is you today.
With your wife
Land of death
Stop talking nonsense and take your life